README.md, before:

DataGeneratorBundle
===================

This bundle generates file data in the native Akeneo CSV format.

It's able to generate products and attributes information (including families and attributes options).

So you need a PIM system with channels, locales and currency already setup.

From that, this bundle will generate valid product and attribute data.

Installation
------------
```bash
 $ composer.phar require akeneo/data-generator-bundle dev-master
```
and update your ``app/AppKernel.php`` as follow:

```php
    $bundles[] = new Pim\Bundle\DataGeneratorBundle\PimDataGeneratorBundle();
```

Usage
-----
```bash
Usage:
 pim:generate-data <configuration_file_path>

Arguments:
 configuration-file                      Type of entity to generate (product, association)
```

Configuration file example
--------------------------
```yaml
data_generator:
    output_dir: /tmp/generated_data
    entities:
        attribute:
            count: 200
            options_count: 100
        family:
            count: 30
            attributes_count: 60
        product:
            count: 1000
            values_count: 50
            values_count_standard_deviation: 10
            mandatory_attributes: [sku, name]
            delimiter: ,
            force_value:
                - manufacturer = FactoryInc
                - brand = SuperProd
            start_index: 0
            categories_count: 10
```

More configuration examples are available in the ``Resources\examples`` directory.

Compatibility
-------------
Tested on PIM CE 1.1, CE 1.2, CE 1.3, EE 1.0 and EE 1.3.

Credits
-------
Thanks @fzaninotto for Faker ! (https://github.com/fzaninotto/Faker)

Commit message:

Working attributes and families generators

README.md, after:

DataGeneratorBundle
===================

This bundle generates file data in the native Akeneo CSV format.

It's able to generate products and attributes information (including families and attributes options).

So you need a PIM system with channels, locales and currency already setup.

From that, this bundle will generate valid product and attribute data.

Installation
------------
```bash
 $ composer.phar require akeneo/data-generator-bundle dev-master
```
and update your ``app/AppKernel.php`` as follow:

```php
    $bundles[] = new Pim\Bundle\DataGeneratorBundle\PimDataGeneratorBundle();
```

Usage
-----
```bash
Usage:
 pim:generate-data <configuration_file_path>

Arguments:
 configuration-file                      Type of entity to generate (product, association)
```

Configuration file examples
---------------------------
Generating attributes and families:

```yaml
data_generator:
    output_dir: /tmp/generated_data
    entities:
        attribute:
            count: 200
            options_count: 100
        family:
            count: 30
            attributes_count: 60
```

Generating products:
```yaml
data_generator:
    output_dir: /tmp/generated_data
    entities:
        product:
            count: 1000
            values_count: 50
            values_count_standard_deviation: 10
            mandatory_attributes: [sku, name]
            delimiter: ,
            force_values:
                - manufacturer = FactoryInc
                - brand = SuperProd
            start_index: 0
            categories_count: 10
```

More configuration examples are available in the ``Resources\examples`` directory.

If not attribute and family are defined, the product generation will use the available attributes in the PIM DB.

Compatibility
-------------
Tested on PIM CE 1.1, CE 1.2, CE 1.3, EE 1.0 and EE 1.3.

Credits
-------
Thanks @fzaninotto for Faker ! (https://github.com/fzaninotto/Faker)
